[Blog][Ready to review] Meshery Playground: Features you don't want to miss (#5146)
layer5io/layer5: src/collections/blog/2023/11-15-Features-of-meshery/index.mdx

---
title: "Meshery Playground"
subtitle: "Meshery Playground: Features you don't want to miss"
date: 2023-11-15 10:30:05 -0530
author: Saurabh Soni
thumbnail: "./MesheryLogo.webp"
darkthumbnail: "./MesheryLogo.webp"

category: "Meshery"

> description: "Features of Meshery Playground which takes your user experience to the next level."  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Key features of Meshery Playground for Kubernetes, Prometheus, Argo and other CNCF projects. Use Meshery Playground to explore a new way of DevOps - visual and collaborative configuration management for your infrastructure. "  
```

tags:
 - Meshery
type: Blog
resource: false
published: true
---

import { BlogWrapper } from "../../Blog.style.js";
import mesheryLogo from "../../../../assets/images/meshery/icon-only/meshery-logo-light.svg";

<BlogWrapper>

> Before we dive into the features, Let’s take a recap, What is [Meshery Playground](https://playground.meshery.io/)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we dive into features, let’s understand what the Meshery Playground is.
```

Mesheryctl supports subcommands for various commands, providing a convenient way to interact with Meshery Server.

# [Meshery UI](https://meshery.io/):

> [Meshery UI](https://meshery.io/) is a web-based user interface for Meshery, offering a convenient way to interact with Meshery Server. Meshery UI is a valuable tool for DevOps engineers, enhancing the efficiency of their cloud-native development and operations workflows. Key features include:

Reviewer: Too many links.

Meshery UI supports multiple contexts, allowing users to switch between different Meshery Server instances.

> # [Meshery catalog](https://docs.meshery.io/concepts/catalog):

Reviewer: Why is catalog not capitalized?

Commands include onboarding an application, applying a WASM filter, viewing, deleting, and listing patterns.	

> Meshery Catalog, with its user-friendly approach and collaborative features, stands as a valuable resource for cloud-native practitioners, facilitating seamless deployment, knowledge-sharing, and the creation of enhanced design patterns within the Meshery ecosystem.

Reviewer: This is a poor description of the Catalog. This is a description of Meshery.

# Conclusion:

> In summary, Meshery empowers teams through its Workspaces feature, providing a virtual space for seamless collaboration, resource sharing, and efficient management of diverse environments. With logical grouping, flexible support for various resources, and robust access control, Workspaces serve as a centralized hub for team-based work. By adhering to best practices, such as clearly defined permissions and leveraging Infrastructure Designs, users can fully harness the collaborative potential of Meshery Workspaces. Maximize your team's efficiency and streamline your cloud-native development processes with Meshery Workspaces.

Reviewer: In summary, Meshery boils down to its Workspace feature? Meshery doesn't even have this feature, yet. Cloud does.
